Fix Wallet Attestation mDoc example (#774)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-provider-endpoint.rst

Wallet Attestation mdoc
"""""""""""""""""""""""

> This description further specializes the guidelines given in ref:`pid-eaa-data-model:MDOC-CBOR Credential Format` to represent the Wallet Attestation in mdoc format. The latter MUST have the domestic namespace ``org.iso.18013.5.1.IT``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This description extends the MDOC-CBOR Credential Format guidelines, given in ref:`pid-eaa-data-model:MDOC-CBOR Credential Format`, to support Wallet Attestation data representation. The Wallet Attestation MUST use the domestic namespace  ``org.iso.18013.5.1.IT``.
```
